# Weapons classes
This program uses four classes: `Weapon`, `Dagger`, `ShortSword`, and `Enemy`. Implement the classes in weapons.hpp and weapons.cpp.

## Weapon class
Create a `Weapon` class with private member variables `int` `attack_min_` and `attack_max_`, and `string` `name_`.

Create a default constructor for `Weapon` that sets `attack_min_` to 1 and `attack_max_` to 2, and the `name_` to `"weapon"`.

Create a constructor that receives two `int`s for attack min and max, and a `string` for its name.

Create accessor functions for the private member variables (`getAttackMin`, `getAttackMax`, `getName`)

Create a virtual function `attack()` that returns an `int` of the amount of damage done by the weapon. The math for the attack function should be: `(random_number % (max - min)) + min`

Random numbers can be generated by calling the `rand()` function that is declared in the `random` header. That is, you need to ```#include <cstdlib>```.

## Dagger class
Create a `Dagger` class with private member variables `double` `crit_`, and `int` `crit_dice_`. Dagger derives from `Weapon`.

Create a default constructor for `Dagger` that will set `attack_min_` to 2, `attack_max_` to 3, and the `name_` to `"daggers"`. It should also set `crit_` to 3.0, and `crit_dice_` to 18.

Create a constructor that receives two `int` for `attack_min_` and `attack_max_`, a `string` for the `name_`, a `double` for `crit_`, and an `int` for `crit_dice_`. You can reuse `Weapon` constructor.

Create accessor functions for the private member variables (`getCrit`, `getCritDice`)
Create mutator functions for the private member variables (`setCrit`, `setCritDice`)

Unlike the usual `Weapon` that only computes damage once, daggers can do damage twice and also have a chance to critically damage an enemy. See the details below to get the value returned by `attack()`.

**Damage 1:**
1. Compute damage the same way as the `Weapon`'s attack function: `(random_number % (max - min)) + min`.
1. Randomly generate a number between 1 and 20. If the number is greater than or equal to `crit_dice_` then multiply the damage from step 1 by the value of `crit_`.

**Damage 2:**
1. Compute damage the same way as the `weapon`'s attack function: `(random_number % (max - min)) + min`.
1. Randomly generate a number between 1 and 20. If the number is greater than or equal to `crit_dice_` then multiply the damage from step 1 by the value of `crit_`.

**attack() output**

The `attack()` function should return the sum of damage 1 and damage 2 described above. Take note that damage 1 and damage 2 could produce different values.

## ShortSword class
Create a `ShortSword` class with the private member variable `int` `multiplier_`. ShortSword` derives from `Weapon`.

Create a default constructor for `ShortSword` that sets `attack_min_` to 6, `attack_max_` to 7, the `name_` to `"shortsword"`, and `multiplier_` to 4.

Create a constructor that receives two `int` for `attack_min_` and `attack_max_`, a `string` for `name_` and an `int` for the `multiplier_`.

Create an accessor function for the private member variable (`getMultiplier`)
Create a mutator function for the private member variable (`setMultiplier`)

Override the `attack()` function to provide a damage multiplier. The steps below describe how to compute the output of the function.

**attack() output**
1. Compute damage the same way as the `Weapon`'s attack function: `(random_number % (max - min)) + min`.
1. Randomly generate a number between 1 and the `multiplier_` (for example, 1 to 4 if the multiplier is 4). The function should return the damage multiplied to the randomly generated number.

## Enemy class
Create an `Enemy` class with two private member variables, a `string` `name_`, an `int` `health_`.

Create a default constructor for `Enemy` that sets `name_` to `"dragon"` and `health_` to 500.

Create a constructor that receives a `string` name and `int` health the assigns it to the data members accordingly.

Create accessor functions for the private member variables (`getName`, `getHealth`)
Create mutator functions for the private member variables (`setName`, `setHealth`)

Create a function called `receiveAttack` that receives a pointer to a `Weapon` object. Call the `Weapon` object's `attack()` function and reduce the `Enemy`'s health by that damage, then print out the damage statement: `<weapon> dealt <X> damage to <enemy>` If the enemy takes lethal damage, print out: `<enemy> has been slain!` (replace the value inside <> with the actual values of the object). See the output below to see an actual example.

Complete the `main()` function as described.

Sample Output:
```
Please enter the name of an enemy: goblin
Please enter the enemy's health: 10
daggers dealt 4 damage to goblin
shortsword dealt 6 damage to goblin
goblin has been slain!
```

# Submission checklist
1. Created function prototype
1. Created function implementation
1. Call function in the driver
1. Followed the [proper file structure for using functions](https://github.com/ILXL-guides/function-file-organization)
1. Compiled and ran the driver
1. No errors on the unit test (make test)
1. No errors on the style check (make stylecheck)
1. No errors on the format check (make formatcheck)

# Code evaluation
Open the terminal and navigate to the folder that contains this exercise. Assuming you have pulled the code inside of `/home/student/labex02-tuffy` and you are currently in `/home/student` you can issue the following commands

```
cd labex13-tuffy
```

You also need to navigate into the problem you want to answer. To access the files needed to answer problem 1, for example, you need to issue the following command.

```
cd prob01
```

When you want to answer another problem, you need to go back up to the parent folder and navigate into the next problem. Assuming you are currently in `prob01`, you can issue the following commands to go to the parent folder then go into another problem you want to answer; `prob02` for example.

```
cd ..
cd prob02
```

Use the `clang++` command to compile your code and the `./` command to run it. The sample code below shows how you would compile code saved in `weapons.cpp` and `main.cpp` and into the executable file `main`. Make sure you use the correct filenames required in this problem.  Take note that if you make any changes to your code, you will need to compile it first before you see changes when running it.

```
clang++ -std=c++17 main.cpp weapons.cpp -o main
./main
```

You can run one, two, or all the commands below to `test` your code, `stylecheck` your code's design, or `formatcheck` your work. Kindly make sure that you have compiled and executed your code before issuing any of the commands below to avoid errors.

```
make test
make stylecheck
make formatcheck
```

A faster way of running all these tests uses the `all` parameter.

```
make all
```

# Submission
1. When everything runs correctly,  let's copy your code into the Github repository. The first step is to add your code to what is called the staging area using git's `add` command. The parameter after `add` is the name of the file you want to add. There are cases when you have multiple changed files, so you can just type . (period) to add all modified files.

    ```
    git add .
    ```
1. Once everything is in the staging area, we use the `commit` command to tell git that we have added everything we need into the staging area.

    ```
    git commit
    ```
1. In case it asks you  to configure global variables for an email and name, just copy the commands it provides then replace the dummy text with your email and Github username.

    ```
    git config --global user.email "tuffy@csu.fullerton.edu"
    git config --global user.name "Tuffy Titan"
    ```
    When you're done, make sure you type `git commit` again.
1. Git will ask you to describe what you have added to the staging area. By default, you will use a command-line based editor called *nano*. Go ahead and provide a description then press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>x</kbd> to exit. Press <kbd>Y</kbd> to confirm that you want to make changes and then press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
1. Lets push all changes to the Github repository using git's `push` command. Provide your Github username and password when you are asked.

    ```
    git push
    ```
1. When you finish the exercise, go back to Titanium and click on the `Add submission` button in the lab exercise page. Provide a short message in the text area such as "finished lab exercise" and click on `Save changes`. Finally click on `Submit assignment` to inform your instructor that you are done.
